[RUMBLING]
[GRUNTING]
[GRUNTS]
[GUNSHOTS]
[CHUCKLES]
Stop!
[BEEPING]
Kill Lara Croft
[MAN ON DISK]
♪ hey, y'all ♪
Lara's party mix
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[RAP, INDISTINCT]
Oh, bugger!
Not live rounds, Lara.
He's in real pain right now.
This is a major remodel.
This is a disaster.
Was it programmed to stop
before it took my head off?
Well, that would be a, no.
But you said make it
more challenging, so...
- Hence, the live fire.
- Yeah.
Live rounds again.
Poor Simon, what has
she done to you?
[RAP, INDISTINCT]
[MUSIC OF]
[SIGHS]
[STAMMERS]
Very funny.
I'm only trying to
turn you into a lady.
- And a lady should be modest.
- Yes, a lady should be modest.
[MAN]
Brothers and sisters,
Today is the 15th of May...
The first day
of the planetary alignment...
And we are still no nearer to
discovering the location of the key.
It seems we are running
out of time.
This is not acceptable.
Mr. Powell, your
explanation for this is?
I have no explanation.
Certainly no excuses.
Except to once again
respectfully remind the council...
That we are working from clues
based on ancient cosmological models,
Predating Aristotle.
But I'm happy to announce
that we're almost ready.
And I am supremely confident...
That we will have our answer in time
for the relevant planetary alignment.
So, we will have possession
of the key in...
One week.
Yes, indeed. One week.
This is good news,
Mr. Powell, but remember:
We have only
a single opportunity...
To retrieve the two halves
of the triangle.
And if we fail,
We must wait
another 5,000 years.
I don't know about you,
but that's more time...
Than I am prepared to commit
to this enterprise.
- [CHUCKLES]
- We shall be ready.
Trust me.
We're not,
we're not ready, are we?
No.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
Good morning, Lara. And
what a beautiful morning it is.
Back to work, I'm afraid.
It's adventure time.
Egypt again.
It's nothing but
pyramids and sand.
I know, gets everywhere,
in the cracks.
Spanish galleon?
Do you know what day
it is, Hillary?
Yes, of course.
The 15th.
And that is never a good day.
I miss you, daddy.
I wish we could get back the
time that was stolen from us.
[LARA] My father would
love to have seen this.
Tonight Pluto and Neptune
align with Uranus.
It's the first stage of the
alignment of all nine planets,
culminating in
a full solar eclipse.
It only happens
once every 5,000 years.
When is the eclipse?
In one week from today.
But there is plenty
to look out for until then.
Incredible.
[WIND BLOWING]
[MAN] I wish you
could remember her.
- She loved you so much.
- Mummy!
I wish I could remember her too.
I still have you, daddy.
Yes, you do.
The exact alignment of the planets
necessary to activate the triangle...
Only occurs once
every 5,000 years.
But that will prove to be
just long enough...
For little Lara Croft
to grow up...
[ECHOES]
and to find it.
[TICKING ECHOES]
[TICKING CONTINUES]
[SIGHS]
[TICKING CONTINUES,
FAINT]
LOUDER]
[TICKING CONTINUES,
[CLANGING]
[GRUNTS]
[TICKING]
[LARA]
Bryce!
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
Hello, fellas.
- How's business?
- Bryce!
[KNOCKING] okay, okay.
I'm coming. I'm coming.
We have 83 rooms.
Why can't you live in the house?
Well, I'm a free spirit, me.
Right.
[SNIFFING]
What's that smell?
5:00 a.m.
Let's go.
This had better be good.
[TICKING]
[YAWNS]
It's a clock.
I found it last night.
It was ticking.
Must be one of them
ticking clocks?
It was hidden in a secret room.
Bryce, don't start.
Well, Lara, it's a clock. It ticks.
It tells the time. It's wrong.
It started ticking last night during
the first stage of the alignment.
[SIGHS] Well, gonna
need some coffee.
[WHIRS]
Okay, in we go.
Looks pretty ordinary to me.
Well, keep looking.
Your coffee, sir.
Decaf latte with nonfat milk.
Oh, champion.
Steaming sump oil.
Wait.
What did you do?
- I don't know. What did I do?
- Where is that?
I don't know. I just took
my hand off the fiber optics.
- [HILLARY] what is that?
- [BRYCE] Oh, bugger!
Bugger.
Screw 13 to quadrant four.
Screw 14 to quadrant three.
Oh, please.
It's my map so I know
where they all came from.
It's camouflage.
Okay.
Hidden within.
[SCOFFS]
What is that?
The all seeing eye.
Lot 121, a Louis XV ormolu
mounted bracket clock.
Showing on my left,
1,800,000 pounds.
1,800,000. Thank you.
One million eight. 1,900,000.
Two million pounds.
Two million pounds now.
2,100,000. 2,100,000 now.
2,100,000 pounds.
Any advance on 2,100,000 pounds?
Any more? Two million one.
2,200,000. Thank you, sir.
2,200,000 pounds now.
At 2,200,000.
2,300,000.
Two million three.
2,400,000.
Lady's bid, 2,400,000 pounds.
Against you, sir.
Two million five? No.
2,400,000 pounds, then. Lady's bid
at two million four. 2,500,000 pounds.
In a new place at 2,500,000 pounds.
[RELIEVED SIGH]
Any more at 2,500,000 pounds?
Sold.
[AUCTIONEER CONTINUES]
Lara, my dear.
- Mr. Wilson. - Let's go into my study.
Let me take that for you.
Lara Croft.
I don't believe it.
- I'll just be a minute.
- Hi.
You still pretending
to be a photo journalist?
You know, I think it's really
cool that you still have a day job,
Even though it's obviously
just for show.
So, Alex, are you still
pretending to be an archaeologist?
Lara,
do we always have to
fight like this?
I mean, maybe we don't.
- Maybe we do.
- Why?
- You stole my prayer wheels.
- Stole? Stole?
From you? You know,
that's funny. You know, it's...
It's not like you ever
really owned them or anything.
Hey, you're the tomb raider.
[MAN] Mr. West,
we are ready for you.
Oh, I think
your clients need you.
Go ahead. You're
wanted on the floor.
After all, as you once said so
memorably, "it's all just a business."
Right?
So, go do business.
Go.
Lara. Lara, you...
[STAMMERS]
oh, geez!
Ladies and gentlemen...
Lara, this is a unique object.
Only one of the dials
is working.
It glows like the eye, lesser.
But it seems
to be getting brighter.
And it's also
running backwards...
Like it's not so much keeping time,
but counting down to something.
- Yes.
- And look at the back.
It's as though it fits into
something, almost like a key.
Yes. Yes, fascinating.
Incredibly beautiful.
My father once told me of a magical
triangle stamped with the all seeing eye.
He said it gave its possessor
extraordinary power...
The power to control time.
He called it the triangle of light.
Have you heard of it?
No. No, I haven't.
He always steered his
own course, your father.
He was a great man.
Would you like some port?
- It's really very fine.
- No.
I can't help you, Lara.
This clock truly is a mystery.
[PHONE RINGING]
- [LARA] Hello.
- Lara?
Hello, it's Mr. Wilson.
Yes. Well, I... you see,
I had a second thought...
About that clock.
There is a man who
may be able to help you.
I gave him your number. His name is
Manfred Powell. You should see him.
Oh, thank you.
I will.
- Good-bye, Lara.
- You take care.
Thank you.
[EXPLOSION]
Bugger.
[BEEPS]
Forgive me.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
Lady Croft.
- Mr. Powell. - Oh, no, no, no.
Good heavens, no.
I'm actually
his associate, Mr. Pimms.
- Mr. Pimms?
- Yeah, like the beverage.
[CHUCKLES]
[CHATTERING]
Yeah, she's here.
What does Mr. Powell do?
He's a lawyer.
I'm his law clerk...
And fairly recent appointment,
but enjoying it, all the varied work.
- A lawyer.
- Isn't it obvious?
Lady Croft, my pleasure.
Manfred powell, Q.C.
- Good morning.
- I believe you are quite an authority...
- On things ancient and mythological.
- Well, I travel.
No, no, Mr. Wilson said you
were quite the archaeologist.
Please.
Oh, he's very sweet.
He knew your father, I believe.
Yes, they were great friends.
I had the honor of meeting
him myself once, in Venice.
I was so sorry
to hear about his death.
This is the clock I spoke of.
Very interesting.
It's a shame you
only brought photographs.
Nevertheless, it is fascinating.
You said it started ticking
the night of the alignment.
Yes.
You said you were a lawyer?
- Yes.
- And the study of clocks is a hobby?
This is an obsession.
Really my specialty.
My practice centers around antiquities.
But the origin of this clock...
Completely eludes me.
I think I've never seen anything quite
so beautiful that I know so little about.
This is a pleasurable torment.
My ignorance amuses me.
"My ignorance amuses me."
[SCOFFS]
"My ignorance amuses me"?
Yes, well, I've always found
your ignorance quite amusing.
Powell, however,
is not ignorant.
- No?
- No.
He's a liar.
[THUNDERCLAP]
[CLASSICAL PIANO]
- Anything you need?
- No. Thank you, Hillary.
- Don't you stay up too late.
- I won't.
[THUNDERCLAP]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING]
[MAN ON RADIO,
INDISTINCT]
Forward team,
wait for my command.
[THUNDERCLAP]
[MAN 2] In position
awaiting your order.
[CLASSICAL MUSIC CONTINUES]
[ROCK CONTINUES]
[BEEPING]
[GLASS SHATTERING]
[YELLS]
[BEEPING, SIREN WAILING]
Bastards!
[GUNSHOTS]
Bloody hell!
On the left.
- [BEEPING]
- Come on, Simon, come on!
Come on. Come on!
[THUNDERCLAP]
[MAN GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
[ALARM BLARING]
[BEEPING]
[BRYCE] Lara, Lara,
are you there? Pick up!
Lara, can you hear me?
Are you okay?
Bryce, I'm in
the equipment room.
- They're stealing my bloody clock.
- I know. I saw them.
Bryce, you have to be my eyes.
- Are you armed?
- After a fashion, yes.
All right, three bad guys.
Number one standing by the Aston Martin.
Right.
- Bingo!
- [GUNFIRE]
- Next. - Okay, number two,
crouched by the McLaren.
Oh, bugger!
- Are you okay?
- I just found my car keys.
[CAR ALARM CHIRPS,
ALARM WAILS]
You're done, mate.
Nice one.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
I think they've all gone.
Well, they got
what they came for.
Sorry about that.
[GULPS]
That's fine.
[BELL TOLLING]
[INDISTINCT]
[WHISTLING]
Hello?
[RAP, INDISTINCT]
What the hell happened here?
[CLATTERING]
- Morning.
- Lady Lara Croft?
Yes. You have
something for me?
I woke up this morning,
and I just hated everything.
Right. Thanks.
Who's Stribling, Clive
and Winterset then?
Sounds like a bunch of lawyers.
They are a bunch of lawyers.
- Well, I'll shut my face again.
- You are nosy.
I'm not nosy. I just saw the name
and asked her what the name was.
Lara?
It's from my father.
It was written before he died...
And delivered today
as per his instructions.
Blimey!
[CLEARS THROAT]
[LARA READING] "To see
a world in a grain of sand...
And a heaven in a wild flower,
Hold infinity
in the palm of your hand,
And eternity in an hour.
William Blake."
The all seeing eye.
[LORD CROFT'S VOICE]
My darling daughter,
I knew you'd figure this out.
If you are reading this letter,
I am no longer with you,
And I miss you...
And love you always and forever.
It also means I have failed...
And must place an awful
burden on your shoulders.
Lara, by now I am sure you will
have discovered the clock I concealed.
The clock is the key, Lara.
It will unlock the hiding place
of two pieces of a sacred icon.
This is the magical triangle I told
you about when you were a little girl.
The triangle of light.
But it is no bedtime story.
The triangle was forged from
metal found in the crater of a meteor...
That had fallen to earth
at the exact moment...
Of the previous alignment
of the nine planets.
The people of the light built
a great city in this crater...
Where they worshipped the
triangle for its ability to control time.
It gave its possessor a power that
could be used for good or great evil.
The abuse of this power led
to the destruction of the city.
To be sure no man would
ever again wield this power,
They split the triangle
into two pieces...
And hid them at
opposite ends of the earth.
Lara, do you remember
the jasmine that only grows...
In one temple along the
ancient khmer trail in Cambodia?
Find that and you will have found the
entrance to the tomb of the dancing light,
Where the first half
of the triangle is hidden.
You must be there
at the exact moment...
of the second phase
of the planetary alignment.
You must hurry.
You have very little time.
And as the planets
move into alignment,
The world will be
in great danger,
for the secret society
known as the Illuminati...
Devious dangerous men, who
seek to fulfill an ancient prophecy...
by reuniting the two halves...
And attaining the triangle's
awesome and terrible powers.
This you must prevent
at all costs.
So, Lara, I am asking you
to complete my work...
To find and destroy
both halves of the triangle.
How are you going to get to Cambodia
and get the clock back in 15 hours?
I'll be calling in a favor.
What kind of favor?
Well, that is a secret.
If I told you,
I'd have to kill you.
[MAN ON RADIO] Lady Croft,
are you on target? Over.
Right on target. Thank
you, boys. Over and out.
[LARA]
Mr. Powell.
How predictable.
Alex West.
What are you doing here?
[BEEPS]
[CHATTERING]
We have 72 minutes
to the next alignment.
We have to work faster.
- Come on, guys!
- [WORKERS CHANTING]
[ALEX] Come on,
guys! Come on, pull!
Pull! It's coming!
[CHEERING]
Good.
[BIRDS SQUAWKING]
[GIGGLES]
So, any sign of Lady Croft?
Not yet.
Lara's overrated.
She's good, don't get me wrong,
But she's in it for the glory,
- whereas I'm in it for the money.
- Fortunately.
- Into the belly of the beast.
- And out of the demon's ass.
[GIRL GIGGLING]
[GIGGLING]
Jasmine.
[RUMBLING]
[CHATTERING]
Wow.
Remember, what we are looking
for is hidden not only in space...
But also in time.
The clock is the key.
My god.
"Return the iron to
the stone's embrace,
the wheel of heaven will turn.
Exhume the light
from its watery grave,
to receive the gift of heaven...
As you are condemned
to the depths of hell."
Right. So, pretty much touch anything
and you get your head chopped off.
[POWELL] We have
two minutes, Mr. West.
You're the tomb raider.
Figure it out.
Mr. West,
Tempus fugit.
Yes, "time flies."
[ALEX]
It's the swords!
Come on, guys, get up here.
Give me a hand here.
That's it. Come on.
Coming down.
I want them all down. Take them,
carry them across the ladders.
- Come on, guys, let's hustle.
- [MEN CHATTERING]
[ALEX] All right, now slide
them into the slots over there.
[POWELL] We place the clock here
at the exact moment of alignment.
[ALEX] Come on,
let's go! Move it!
Too slow, ladies,
too slow. Come on.
- [ALEX] That's it.
- Count it down.
- The timing needs to be exact.
- No shit.
[ALEX]
Sixty seconds to go.
59... 58... 57...
56... 55... 54...
53... 52... 51...
Fifty seconds.
[LARA]
Mr. Powell!
Cease fire!
Hold your fire!
- Keep counting.
- You're making a big mistake!
41... 40...
- Alex West.
- 39...
38... 37...
- Hey, Lara.
- Tourist visa?
- No, I'm working.
- Lady Croft, tell me,
is there a good reason
why I kept you alive?
[ALEX CONTINUES COUNTING]
Yes. That is not the true eye.
This is the true eye.
It's not, actually.
It's a mirror image.
Miss Croft, I think you're trying to
cheat me out of my little ray of sunshine.
Why would I try and cheat you
out of anything now?
I need you to get the piece
so I can steal it from you later.
You're bluffing.
Julius, make a mental note: kill miss
Croft if she attempts any such thing.
Yes, sir, Mr. Powell.
We can do it my way, or we can all
come back in time for the next alignment,
and you are welcome
to try and kill me then.
In, say another 5,000 years.
12... 11...
Ten... Nine... Eight...
Seven... Six... Five...
Four... Three...
Two... One...
Zero.
Well, I guess she was right.
The log must pierce the urn.
Come on!
[ALEX] It's slowing down.
It's never gonna make it.
No.
[GRUNTS]
Pure light, fire and water.
[WIND HOWLING]
[ALL SCREAM]
[GRUNTING]
Croft!
[PANICKED MURMURING]
- Get the clock.
- Got it.
[GROWLING]
[ALL GROWLING]
[SCREAMING]
- [ROARING]
- [GUN CLICKING]
[ROARING CONTINUES]
[GRUNTS]
[PANTING]
[RUMBLING]
[GROWLING]
[SCREECHING]
- [SNARLING]
- [YELLING]
[YELLING]
[LOCALS SHOUTING]
[PANTING]
- [ALEX] Hold it right there!
- [GUN COCKS]
Lara, give it up.
Are you going to shoot me, Alex?
[CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING]
[SPEAKING CAMBODIAN]
My phone is wet.
[CHUCKLES]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Yes? Lady Croft. How are you?
- Alive.
- And kicking, I hope.
- And you?
- Superlative.
Of course, I digress. You
have my half of the triangle.
And you have my father's clock.
Listen, my dear. Without each other
we are quite useless at this point.
We should reevaluate
our positions.
Like it or not, you and I
are in business together.
We should have
a business meeting.
You mean you'd love to have
another opportunity to try and kill me.
Oh, that's harsh.
But perhaps.
Wait and see.
Come to Venice, via Dolorosa.
Wonderful. Bye then.
Harder.
[VOICE ON TV] Here it comes.
Hide, everybody.
Look out. It's some sort of machine.
[PHONE RINGS]
- [LARA] Bryce? Bryce, it's me.
- Hello?
[TV MUTES]
Bryce, it's Lara.
- I found the temple.
Ran into Mr. Powell. - [SIGHS]
- Did you get the clock.
- No, but I got the first piece.
Oh, beautiful, smashing.
- Seems I'm level pegging with Mr. Powell.
- Well,
- won't he just want to kill you now?
- No, silly.
His problem is that he needs
the piece that I have.
- Until then, I'm his new best friend.
- What about the other half?
The final alignment is
in 66 hours and 53 minutes,
And we've still got no idea
where the second piece is hidden.
He's going to tell me
where the second piece is.
- He will?
- Bryce, trust me. Pack for venice.
Pack for where?
Hello? Lara?
[DIAL TONE]
[SCOFFS]
Bye then.
[ALL CHATTERING]
[CHANTING IN DISTANCE]
[CHANTING CONTINUES]
[CHANTING STOPS]
Drink.
Rest.
There's no rest for the wicked.
You got what you came for?
- I did, yes.
- Too bad.
- Bad for the world.
- The world is safe now.
Little bit safer, perhaps,
Because you will go on.
Your father said
you will never give up.
My father?
You knew my father?
Now, drink.
Finish your tea.
-It tastes quite bad,
-[LAUGHS]
but it is good for you, see?
Good evening.
You're with the Illuminati.
Beg your pardon? There's no
such thing. It's just a bedtime story.
Illuminati.
The people of the light.
Have you brought my triangle?
No, of course you haven't.
You've hidden it somewhere.
Well, you can keep
the triangle you have,
and I will keep your father's
clock, and we can be partners.
Who sits here?
We can be partners
and go for the big prize...
The triangle of light.
Yes, but who sits here?
It's an incredible dream,
an awesome power.
It could set right
so many wrongs.
I don't think you sit here,
do you?
I sit here,
on God's right hand, as it were.
In fact, I now sit...
exactly where your father sat.
You're lying.
No.
No, he mentored me in the order.
It was truly an honor.
I don't believe you.
My father was not with the
Illuminati. He would have told me.
He had a great many secrets.
Not from me.
Especially from you.
- I know what you want, Lara.
- Oh, I doubt it.
Another life with your father,
a second chance.
It'll be within my power
to give.
The triangle gives
its possessor...
The power of God...
To move back and forth
through time, undo the past.
Help me, and you will get
what I know you want...
To have your father
returned to you.
And how do I know once
I gave you that piece...
that you wouldn't then
just try to kill me?
Would it make it easier
for you...
On more familiar ground...
if I killed you now?
Will you reconsider?
[DOOR CLOSING]
[SCREAMS]
- Scusi, signora.
- [WHIMPERING]
[GROANS]
Hello, Alex.
I suppose you think I'm a
greedy, unscrupulous sellout...
And do just about anything
for money. Yes, that's right.
Well, the money bit's true,
I guess.
Is it, Alex?
If you cross me, we may not
be able to remain friends.
- Always a pleasure.
- [SIGHS]
Now for a cold shower.
- [PIMMS] I think we're in big trouble.
- Hold this, will you?
Thank you. They already think we
have Lady Croft's piece of the triangle.
Yes. They think it's in that
box you're carrying right now.
- Is it?
- Why don't you worry about something else?
Of course it's not.
I don't understand. What chance of
success do we have without the piece?
Zero.
Don't dwell on it.
Lady Croft.
What a nice surprise.
Thank you.
Now, time to save the universe
again then, is it?
Absolutely.
[SIGHS]
Are we sure
she's really necessary?
Well, one tomb raider
is good. Two, better.
Me bum's gone to sleep again,
all down the left cheek.
Really?
That's fascinating.
- How much longer?
- A few hours.
We have to take the last hour over land.
Helicopters won't fly near the ruined city.
It's a dead zone.
[NATIVES SHOUTING]
[SHOUTING,
CHATTERING CONTINUE]
We take all doggies, da
Much-o U.S. Greenback,
da. All doggies.
Spasiva.
[SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
[DOGS BARKING]
[RUSSIAN ON RADIO]
[GROANING, GRUNTING]
Welcome to the dead zone.
[SHOUTING IN RUSSIAN]
[GRUNTS] It's not a
country. It's an ice cube!
[BARKING]
Come on!
[TONE RESONATES]
[ALL GASP]
[DOGS CONTINUE BARKING]
All right. Let's go.
Go on, get it!
Holy shit.
It's a time storm.
Time is broken here.
We must find the eye!
All of you! Hurry!
We're running out of time!
Hurry! Hurry!
[DOGS WHIMPERING]
It's begun.
Fifty bucks says
the piece is inside the sun.
[SCREAMING]
[YELLING]
[GRUNTS, YELLS]
For God's sake, hurry! The
eclipse will be over in a few minutes!
Alex, give me the clock.
I know what to do.
Lara!
- [GRUNTING]
- Has she got the piece?
[WHIMPERING, HOWLING]
We will now unite
these two parts...
The past and the present.
At last, we of the Illuminati...
Will control time and fulfill the
sacred promise to our ancestors.
- Soon, the entire world will bow...
- Enough of this twaddle.
Come on! Come on!
[GRUNTING]
Not quite what you hoped for,
Mr. Powell?
Oh, Lara,
I have a gut instinct
about this.
After all, you are
the daughter of a genius.
Let me test my theory.
[SCREAMS]
[SCREAMING]
You had to let him go.
No more bubbles.
You show me how to complete
the triangle, we can change his fate.
If you deliver me the power
of god, I will spare him.
It's only a little trip
back in time.
But I'm pretty sure you've figured
out the answer to the problem.
And then, of course, there's
the loss of your father.
I can change that.
You'd better be ready for this.
- Unhook your laser sight.
- Do it.
"To see a world
in a grain of sand."
Lara!
[YELLING]
Daddy?
Lara.
Is this real?
It is a crossing...
Of my past and your present.
Why did you not tell me
about the Illuminati?
- You were only a child.
- You could have written in your journals.
You never mentioned it...
not once.
I burst to tell you everything.
But in the fierceness
of my own battles,
I strove to tell you only that which
would inspire you and keep you safe.
I love you so much.
But I've missed you.
And I have missed you.
I know why you came here...
Why you took the power of the
light... but this must not happen.
Why? Why can't we use
the power just this once?
- Why can't you stay?
- We can't change time.
But time was stolen from us...
And it's not fair.
No, it's not fair.
But you have stolen time itself,
And you must give it back.
You must destroy the triangle.
Suddenly I feel so alone.
You're never alone. I am with you
always, just as I've always been.
No!
[GRUNTS]
- [SOLDIER] Move out!
- [GROANING]
[MOANING]
Lara!
Wait!
Your father begged for his life
when we caught him betraying us.
He pleaded like a baby.
Surrender.
Never.
He seemed particularly concerned
that I shouldn't... Take this.
Lara, no! The place is
coming down! This is insane!
Get them out of here.
You just hurry.
[CHUCKLING]
There you go...
safe and sound.
No guns.
[GROANING]
[LAUGHING]
[HUMMING]
Oh, my god!
Quiet.
LORD RICHARD CROFT
MISSING IN THE FIELD - MAY 15 1985
LOST BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN
What?
[DOOR OPENS]
[TECHNO MUSIC PLAYING]
♪ Where's your head at ♪
♪ Where's your head at
where's your head at ♪
♪ Where's your head at ♪
♪ Where's your head at
where's your head at ♪
♪ Don't let the walls
cave in on you ♪
♪ We can't live on
live on without you ♪
♪ Don't let the walls
cave in on you ♪
♪ We can't live on
live on without you ♪
♪ Don't let the walls
cave in on you ♪
♪ You get what you give
that much is true ♪
♪ Don't let the walls
cave in on you ♪
♪ You turned the world
away from you ♪
♪ Where's your head at ♪
♪ Where's your head at
where's your head at ♪
♪ Where's your head at ♪
♪ Where's your head at where's
your head at ♪ ♪ where's it at ♪
♪ Where's your ♪
♪ Go, go, go ♪
♪ where's your head at ♪
♪ What you give is what you get
is what you get is what you get ♪
♪ Elevation ♪
♪ Whoo-whoo ♪
♪ Whoo-whoo-whoo ♪
♪ I am the messiah
you shoot me from a gun ♪
♪ I need you
to elevate me here ♪
♪ The corner of your lips
is the orbit of your hips ♪
♪ Eclipse
they elevate my soul ♪
♪ I've got no self-control
been livin' like a mole ♪
♪ Goin' down
excavation ♪
♪ I lie in the sky ♪
♪ You make me feel
like I can fly so high ♪
♪ Elevation ♪
♪ Whoo-whoo ♪
♪ Whoo-whoo-whoo ♪
♪ Whoo-whoo
elevation ♪
♪ Elevation ♪
♪ Whoo-whoo ♪
♪ Whoo-whoo-whoo ♪
♪ Whoo-whoo-whoo
elevation, babe
♪ Whoo-whoo
whoo-whoo-whoo ♪
♪ Whoo-whoo ♪
♪ elevation ♪